README.md, before:

# Persona

**Not a template.** AI builds a portfolio unique to *you*.

![Persona Demo](public/demo.png)

Most portfolio generators give you a template and make you fill in the blanks. Persona is different — you tell it who you are, pick some design vibes, and an AI builds something from scratch that could only belong to you.

## Quick Start

```bash
git clone https://github.com/JacbK/persona.git
cd persona
./setup.sh
```

That's it. The setup script walks you through everything:

1. **Repository** — Creates your own GitHub repo
2. **Dependencies** — Installs packages
3. **Configuration** — Opens a UI to set your preferences
4. **AI Assistant** — Configures your coding AI
5. **Launch** — AI starts building your portfolio

## Requirements

- Node.js 18+
- An AI coding assistant: [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code), [Cursor](https://cursor.sh), [Codex](https://openai.com/codex), [Gemini CLI](https://github.com/google-gemini/gemini-cli), or [Aider](https://aider.chat)

## How It Works

1. **You configure** — Name, links, which sections you want, design preferences
2. **You upload** (optional) — Resume, headshot, project screenshots
3. **AI researches** — Pulls from your GitHub, LinkedIn, materials
4. **AI designs** — Creates a unique direction based on your taste
5. **AI builds** — Writes the actual code from scratch
6. **You deploy** — One command to go live

The result isn't a filled-in template. It's a custom site that reflects who you actually are.

## Add Your Materials (Optional)

Drop files in `/materials` before running setup:

```
materials/
├── documents/
│   └── resume.pdf       # AI extracts your experience
└── images/
    └── headshot.jpg     # Used in your portfolio
```

PDFs are automatically converted to text so the AI can read them.

## After Setup

Talk to your AI assistant naturally:

- *"Add my new project X"*
- *"Update my work experience"*
- *"Make the hero section more bold"*
- *"Deploy to Vercel"*

Run `./setup.sh` again anytime to edit your config.

## Deploy

Ask your AI, or run directly:

```bash
vercel --prod      # Vercel (recommended)
netlify deploy     # Netlify
```

GitHub Actions workflows are pre-configured in `.github/workflows/`.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Revise README to enhance project clarity
Updated project description and clarified functionality.

README.md, after:

# Persona

"I want to build a personal website using AI."

A project I built over winter break. AI has gotten great at building frontends, but to be honest, they often look very similar and are based on training by said AI company. Persona is a drop in "Kit", "Care Package", or anything else you want to call it for your CLI, that supports the setup, building, and deployment of your personal website.

![Persona Demo](public/demo.png)

## Quick Start

```bash
git clone https://github.com/JacbK/persona.git
cd persona
./setup.sh
```

That's it. The setup script walks you through everything:

1. **Repository** — Creates your own GitHub repo
2. **Dependencies** — Installs packages
3. **Configuration** — Opens a UI to set your preferences
4. **AI Assistant** — Configures your coding AI
5. **Launch** — AI starts building your portfolio

## Requirements

- Node.js 18+
- An AI coding assistant: [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code), [Cursor](https://cursor.sh), [Codex](https://openai.com/codex), [Gemini CLI](https://github.com/google-gemini/gemini-cli), or [Aider](https://aider.chat)

## How It Works

1. **You configure** — Name, links, which sections you want, design preferences
2. **You upload** (optional) — Resume, headshot, project screenshots
3. **AI researches** — Pulls from your GitHub, LinkedIn, materials
4. **AI designs** — Creates a unique direction based on your taste
5. **AI builds** — Writes the actual code from scratch
6. **You deploy** — One command to go live

The result isn't a filled-in template. It's a custom site that reflects who you actually are.

## Add Your Materials (Optional)

Drop files in `/materials` before running setup:

```
materials/
├── documents/
│   └── resume.pdf       # AI extracts your experience
└── images/
    └── headshot.jpg     # Used in your portfolio
```

PDFs are automatically converted to text so the AI can read them.

## After Setup

Talk to your AI assistant naturally:

- *"Add my new project X"*
- *"Update my work experience"*
- *"Make the hero section more bold"*
- *"Deploy to Vercel"*

Run `./setup.sh` again anytime to edit your config.

## Deploy

Ask your AI, or run directly:

```bash
vercel --prod      # Vercel (recommended)
netlify deploy     # Netlify
```

GitHub Actions workflows are pre-configured in `.github/workflows/`.

## License

MIT
